there's a lot of Yahoo like a classic
steel frame something else they did on
this side I am baily Hayden with the
kentucky game coming we're in shacks
camp 2013 you stop by the next product
and Nathan's got so much new magazines
accessories of choice we got it Bailey I
got our newest product is the x-15 so
this is a 50-round drum magazine made
all out of aluminum with one steel
insert on the top for this is for a two
to three so ar-15 platform so the
magazine itself is all Sarah coated so
again full aluminum all Sarah coated to
a ceramic paint or ceramic surface and
then the internals are anodized so
throughout the channel it's completely
friction resistance so it's a surface
that doesn't need any type of
lubrication or any graphites whatsoever
and so it's a very very low-maintenance
magazine again something that you don't
have to lubricate or use any type of
graphites on simple the load easy just
spin hold couple rounds at a time so no
no external loading system that you have
to carry around like some other drum
magazine companies we use a single
channel design which is what makes this
work over a double stack which forces to
and so much spring tension into one
channel that you can get failures to
feed so we have a patent pending on a
flipper design here and again this is
one of the things it's super important
that makes this drum actually function
and have no failures so this actually
depresses the second round so that vote
the velocity of that spring the full
tension of that spring is not pushing up
on to the other round so when the bolt
is coming back you're not getting the
full tension of that spring pushing up
and
and jamming around so this is our two to
three model and I'll take you over to do
some of the three late stuff as well so
these these right now are retailing for
239 is MSRP on these so yeah so this is
a this is a 239 product again the
quality of this again all aluminum with
no plastic parts whatsoever so
definitely have the durability of dirt
durability yeah we've done 20 20 foot
drop tests on the concrete with these
things fully loaded and they just
bounced slap back in start working so
ready to go so that I should kind of go
over all the different platforms that we
have the 308 drums so that's the only
two to three drum that we have and then
we have a 308 HK PTR 91 we have a
designated magazine for the Armalite
ar-10 be design and then we also have
for all AR 308 variants the sr-25
platform what we call the x.25 and then
we have a foul drum for that for the DSA
or FN FAL as well so everything's 50
rounds everything holds that same
platform of the Sarah coating all
aluminum again that's that's kind of a
run-through of what we do in sorry way I
missed out on one we have one other drum
for m14 or m18 platform as well well I
appreciate appreciative being be sure to
check us out at www KY cool
you